Guide About Business Rules Client Lib (#260)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/rest/clients/btp-business-rules-rest-api.mdx

```bash
cf create-service business-rules lite my-business-rules
```

This command creates an instance of the SAP BTP Business Rules Service in the CF space that your CLI points to.
Note that we named the service instance `my-business-rules`.
If you have chosen a different name, please, remember the name as you'll need it for your deployment descriptor `manifest.yml` later on.

Once the service instance creation is finished, you can see the service instance in your CF space under `Services\Instances` in the left-hand side menu.

##### Bind your App to Service Instance

Open the file `manifest.yml` in your project and mention your service instance under `services` as follows:

```yaml
applications:
  - name: awesome-app
    memory: 1024M
    timeout: 600
    random-route: false
    path: application/target/awesome-app-application.war
    buildpacks:
      - sap_java_buildpack
    env:
      TARGET_RUNTIME: tomee7
      SET_LOGGING_LEVEL: '{ROOT: INFO, com.sap.cloud.sdk: INFO}'
      JBP_CONFIG_SAPJVM_MEMORY_SIZES: metaspace:128m..
    services:
      - my-destination
      - my-business-rules
    routes:
      - route: <omitted-on-purpose>
```

> This ensures that the `VCAP_SERVICES` environment variable of the CF application gets enhanced with an additional entry containing the connection details of the newly bound workflow service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures that the `VCAP_SERVICES` environment variable of the CF application gets enhanced with an additional entry containing the connection details of the newly bound SAP BTP Business Rules service.
```

Now, redeploy your app with `cf push`.

### Develop Your App

#### Dependency Assumptions

This guide assumes that you have a Java project using the SAP Cloud SDK.
If not, we recommend going ahead and [creating one from one of the Maven archetypes](https://sap.github.io/cloud-sdk/docs/java/getting-started).
You should also have [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi) installed and be able to successfully run `mvn clean install` from the root of your project.

Make sure that you have the SAP Cloud SDK Bill-of-Material (BOM) in your `dependencyManagement` section of your `pom.xml` structure like in the example below.

:::caution Always use the latest version of SAP Cloud SDK
Current version is: <MvnBadge />
:::

```xml title="pom.xml"
<dependencyManagement>
  <dependencies>
    <dependency>
      <groupId>com.sap.cloud.sdk</groupId>
      <artifactId>sdk-bom</artifactId>

>       <!-- Business Rules API is supported in ver 3.45.0 of the SDK and above. Please, always use the latest version -->

Author: Wait for this version to hit Maven Central before merging this PR.

sidebar_label: SAP Business Rules service
description: Learn how to access the SAP BTP Business Rules REST API with the type-safe client from the SAP Cloud SDK for Java
keywords:
  - sap
  - cloud
  - sdk
  - rest
  - scp
  - business-rules
---

import MvnBadge from '../../../../../src/sap/sdk-java/MvnBadge';

<MvnBadge />

:::caution Beta State

This library is released in **beta state** only and is subject to change.

:::

## Overview

The [SAP Business Rules service](https://help.sap.com/viewer/product/BUSINESS_RULES/Cloud/en-US) for Cloud Foundry helps customers to translate complex business logic into a natural language.
It consists of multiple APIs that can be used for modelling, authoring, and simulating business rules.

To benefit from features offered by the REST APIs of the SAP BTP Business Rules service you can leverage the type-safe client library provided by the **SAP Cloud SDK** and discover it via your IDE.

### Prerequisites

Add the latest version of the [SAP Cloud SDK](https://search.maven.org/artifact/com.sap.cloud.sdk/sdk-bom) to your Java application dependencies or [generate a new one from archetypes that we provide](../../../getting-started).

> After you created an SDK-based Java app, you can invoke the SAP BTP Business Rules REST API in your business logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you created an SAP Cloud SDKSDK-based Java app, you can invoke the SAP BTP Business Rules REST API in your business logic.
```

> After you created an SDK-based Java app, you can invoke the SAP BTP Business Rules REST API in your business logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you created an SAP Cloud SDK-based Java app, you can invoke the SAP BTP Business Rules REST API in your business logic.
```
